Read about the company 
Greet in a gud way(first impression is last impression)
prepare about your work.(Bring eample of your work')


Generally we have multiple projects(5-6) together.So whenever the release for a project comes.
All the skateholder meets and make test plan according to the changes,issue fixed, new implementation. 
and then we perform some tests like smoke tests,andorid os confi test.
some test we perform by the tools and other are being eecute manually.[manully-keypad and input test,FTR test,Mps test]
all test items being start after smoke testing . if its pass then proceed otherwise reject the build.
For new app,feature ,scope of automation is checked. the part which could be automated is being done n other part is being ecuted manually.


Recenetly i maid a project using appium frameworrk in which we compare the modes,setting of one device with another .
it etract all the setting ,saves in a ecel file and compare the ecel of two devices . and give result as pass ,fail with color code.
camera,setting.


I am nayan.I have done my B.Tech in Computer Science from Galotia College. I am working with samsung since 2012.
I am into testing .Tell about your project
.


---I am 2012 Pass-out
Strenghts :
I am honest,self motivated,fleible and hardworking with postivie attitude about the my future and life.
---adaptablity,optimistic,team player[helps others]

Hobbies : Meditation,Watching Movies,Going on Trips[leh laddak,Andamaan].
Weakness : I can't say when someone asks for help,over-thinking

Why shoudl we hire you :
Share your knowledge,work eperinece,skills related to job,future goals.


I can work very hard for the organisation.I already did.[worked on sats,late-stay].
I am punchual and finish my work on time.

what you know about the organisation :

adobe acrobat[pdf reader],flash player,photo shop[Photoshop is the go-to image editing and manipulation software ],creative suite.
adobe audition - Useful for editing audio, it can be used to edit and mix sounds or fine-tune and re-master soundtracks. Historically,
it was often used by radio stations for cutting and adding sound effects.
After Effects-Create motion graphics and visual effects for film, TV, video, and web.
Dreamweaver-Design and develop modern, responsive websites.



adobe have buisness in more than 40 countries.
adobe works in multimedia and creative 
